# PSoC_5_Assignment
Project 1: reading of the temperature sensor on the breakout board with a multiread function that allows to read more registers implementing a single function I2C_Peripheral_ReadRegisterMulti(uint8_t device_address, uint8_t register_address, uint8_t register_count, uint8_t* data).

Project 2: reading of the 3 axial outputs of the accelerometer LIS3DH. The accelerometer data is configured in Normal mode (10-bit data output) with a data rate of 100 Hz.To achieve this, the Control Register 1 is configured as 0x57. The FSR is [-2.0g,+2.0g], obtained configuring the Control Register 4 as 0x80. The sensitivity is 4mg/digit.
In order to read the output registers at a constant rate, a timer with an interrupt at 300 Hz is implemented.
The goal of this project is to covert the 3 axial outputs into 3 16-bit integers in mg units. This is obtained by multiplying them by the sensitivity (2). The values are sent through UART Serial Communication to the Bridge Conol Panel, where they are plotted. The baud rate is 9600 bps.

Project 3: reading of the 3 axial outputs of the acelerometer in m/s^2. The accelerometer data is configured in High Resolution mode (12-bit data output) with a data rate of 100 Hz. This is obtained by configuring the Control Register 1 as 0x57. The FSR is [-4.0g,+4.0g], so the Control Register 4 is configured as 0x98. The sensitivity is 2mg/digit.
In order to read the output registers at a constant rate, a timer with an interrupt at 300 Hz is implemented.
The final goal of this project is to read the 3 outputs in m/s^2 units. The outputs are converted in m/s^2 by multiplying them by the sensitivity and the value of g (9.81 m/s^2) and cast them into a floating point. In order to not lose information, these values are multiplied by a factor of 10000 (to keep 4 decimals) and cast to int32. Each int32 is divided in 4 bytes and sent by UART to the Bridge Control Panel in order to be plotted. In the variable setting of the Bridge Control Panel, the scale is set to 0.0001 so that we read the correct values with 4 decimals. In this case the baud rate is 19200 bps.
